# Requesting an HBSGrid Account

HBS faculty, staff, doctoral students and their guests are eligible
for HBSGrid accounts.

All users are encouraged to [sign up for our newsletter and mailing
list](https://training.rcs.hbs.org/newsletter) To receive news,
updates, research computing tips, and other service information from
us, please fill it out with your areas of interest.


## HBS faculty, staff, doctoral students

If you are a HBS faculty, staff, or a doctoral student at HBS, please
fill out the [HBSGrid Compute Cluster Account Request
Form](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhUMTZFSlcwTEZSQjZTT0MwNU5LQkw3RjJGRS4u)
to set up an HBSGrid account.

Please note that users who intend to use compute resources **must**
attend an HBSGrid training session within two months of receiving the
account. Users who do not attend a training session in a timely
fashion will have their accounts shut off.

## Guests

Guest accounts on the research server are available for HBS faculty
members' collaborators for active computing and analytical
collaboration. These are granted on a 6-month basis and may be renewed
as necessary. Please note that users who intend to use compute
resources **must** attend an HBSGrid training session within two
months of receiving the account. Users who do not attend a training
session in a timely fashion will have their accounts shut off.

It is discouraged to create guest accounts for the sole purpose of
accessing data. Instead, [other methods of data
transfer](https://www.hbs.edu/research-computing-services/data-practices/transferring-data/Pages/default.aspx)
should be followed.

For guest accounts both steps must be followed:

1.  Both the HBS faculty sponsor and the guest must sign the [HBS
    Guest User Account
    Agreement](https://www.hbs.edu/research-computing-services/Shared%20Documents/Grid/rcs_guest_user_account_agreement.pdf).
    The guest should initial the bottom of each page, sign the
    "Signature block for Guest User" on page 3, and send the signed
    copy to the faculty sponsor for countersignature. The faculty
    sponsor should sign the "Signature block for certifying HBS
    researcher" on the bottom of page 3, scan, and send the completed
    Agreement to [Research Computing
    Services](mailto:research@hbs.edu){aria-label="Research Computing
    Services email"}.

    Please be sure that the completed Agreement includes the guest's
    name, work email, phone number, and work mailing address. Along
    with the Agreement, the faculty sponsor should specify the name of
    the project space that the guest will access.

2.  In addition, the guest will also have to sign the [HBSGrid Compute
    Cluster Account Request
    Form](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhUMTZFSlcwTEZSQjZTT0MwNU5LQkw3RjJGRS4u).

Turn-around time for guest account requests with properly-completed
paperwork is typically 24 to 48 hours, and both the guest and faculty
member will be contacted via email from RCS with account and access
information.

### Guest User Screencast

We encourage guest users to view the screencast below to understand
the onboarding process).

<video width="70%" controls>
  <source src="../media/screencast_project_5_8_20.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>
