# Project and Service Requests


HBS affiliates can request the creation of a new project space, or
modifications to an existing project space, using the forms below.
These forms are only available for HBS affiliates.

## [New Project Space Request (HBS affiliates only)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhURFhFT09aVVJEQ0tQM1JRMjJOOTg0SFpZQi4u) {#new-project-space-request-hbs-affiliates-only}

This form allows you to request a new project space, a collaboration
folder, on our storage associated with the HBSGrid compute cluster. RCS
will obtain approval from the sponsoring faculty if a non-faculty member
is requesting the project space. If you have any questions about your
request or your needs are not captured by the form, please contact RCS
(research@hbs.edu or 5-6100).

## [Project Space Change Request (HBS affiliates only)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhUOEJQSUFSUkpUVUFRUEFHQzZGOVVMODNNRy4u) {#project-space-change-request-hbs-affiliates-only}

This formÂ allows you to request changes to an existing project space on
our HBSGrid cluster storage, such as adding additional individuals to
the space and/or increasing the size of the space. RCS will obtain
approval from the sponsoring faculty if a non-faculty member is
requesting changes to the project space. If you have any questions about
your request or your needs are not captured by the form, please contact
RCS (research@hbs.edu or 5-6100).

## [New MariaDB Account Request (HBS affiliates only)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhUNVlWWUgwM1dCSjdWWllOVEVDQUtCUUVNMS4u) {#new-mariadb-account-request-hbs-affiliates-only}

This form allows you to request a new account on our MariaDB relational
database server. RCS will obtain approval from the sponsoring faculty if
a non-faculty member is requesting the project space. If you have any
questions about your request or your needs are not captured by the form,
please contact RCS (research@hbs.edu or 5-6100).

## [Research Software Request (HBS affiliates only)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=Tlb9CUK_IUOPLbjkgvhjXMoIB6PHisBIlawtyGb7ibhUNjdYUVVRTVNVUllPRzA0ODRGVUhIWjBCUS4u) {#research-software-request-hbs-affiliates-only}

This form allows you to request research software (note that open-source
software is not included). If you have any questions about your request
or your needs are not captured by the form, please contact RCS
(<research@hbs.edu> or 5-6100).
